---
layout: post
title: "Yolean 3.11.12"
date: 2018-10-25
categories: releases
---

🎉 New

🍰 Enhancements
 * The styling of the configuration interface has been improved further for better usability
 * Email notifications for questions now include project and trade information to help user's with several projects in Yolean
 * Email notifications now include a short description explaining why the email was delivered to you
 * In details panel, URLs are now rendered as clickable links.
 * The user responsible for the changes is now included in the sender info of email notifications.
 * Construction planning projects created after this upgrade will get new row logic based on configuration, with no manual step to create rows in boards. See separate section below.
 * Pre-existing planning projects continue to work as before, with dynamic rows based on current notes.

🐛 Fixes
 * Removing, moving up or moving down items in where1 or where2 will no longer reset the relations.
 * Gone fishing in the configuration interface is not showing format options incorrectly anymore
 * Long question texts resulted in posts and history being hidden in details panel
 * For boards with a lot of rows: All cells within a row now get the same height, including the cell in the first column.
 * Links from email notifications now displays the correct note even when the user is required to log in to Yolean
 * Excel export now has a working source link
 * For customers running Yolean in Swedish: direct-date links to sundays some times rendered the board one week later than expected
 * Horizontal scroll in list view was broken for users who have upgraded to Chrome 70

Effects of new row logic:
 * For Where1 with type "To and From" rows are create automatically based on Trade.
 * New planning projects can combine, in Rolling Schedule, one or more "To and From" with a "Shared" row, which is also created without a manuall operation in the board.
 * The bottom part of the board, "New row...", can because of the two changes above be hidden in new planning boards, leaving more of the screen for the actual board.
 * When Trades are added they automatically get a new row in "To and From". Name changes are reflected automatically. If a Trade is deleted its rows will be gone too, but notes will remain visible in listing and exports.
 * Rows will have the same order as the trades in the configuration, which means sorting will be easier than before.
 * There will be no option to automatically migrate pre-existing projects to the new row logic. The reason is that they might have entirely different rows.
