---
layout: post
title: "Yolean 3.13.5"
date: 2019-03-26
categories: releases
---

🎉 New
 * Task labels are now available for all standard Visual Planning boards.
   - Labels are set up in the organisation settings for each Process Color.
   - Labels will replace the "Frames" feature used for marking Risks and Milestones.
   - Labels can be visualized as these Frames by setting a label decoration.
 * New board type "Our Commitments" which visualizes a workload board's tasks based on their plans.
   - The board type can be activated under the organisation settings under the "Meetings" section.

🍰 Enhancements
 * The My Commitments board has received several improvements:
   - My Commitments is now served under each organisation, which means that the organisation settings for notes etc. is applied to My Commitments boards under that organisation as well.
   - Rows now behave differently for My Commitments:
     - For each plan board that you have assigned yourself to at least one row, a "sticky" row is created for My Commitments. Sticky rows do not disappear when they are empty.
     - For each plan that you have tasks assigned to yourself, but no sticky row exists, a “non-sticky” row is created. Non-sticky rows are removed from the view when they become empty.
     - Tasks not associated with a plan show up in the top-most "inbox" row just like before.

🐛 Fixes
 * Portfolio boards that used the Line Meetings functionality for setting project colors mistakenly colored all notes for that project with the project color. From now on, tasks will preserve their standard color, whereas row headers still display the project color.
 * Placement of the Task toolbox (contextmenu) has been improved. Toolboxes disappearing outside the screen should be far less common now.
 * For Construction Projects using labels in their Yolean boards, copying tasks now also copies the categories as expected.
 * It is now possible to use plan names with non-regular characters like an apostrophe
 * When pushing the escape key in the action of draging a milestone to the board, the milestone will now return to the taskcreator instead of defaulting to todays date.
 * Milestones will now always have an ID when rendered and will not output any errors in the console.

📗 New terminology
