---
layout: post
title: "Yolean 3.13.11"
date: 2019-05-11
categories: releases
---

🎉 New
 * Added an orange information field over the row headers when rows are missing. This is displaying the number of rows that can not be fit in the current view.
 * Changed text to orange for categories missing rows so that it is easier to filter the view to fit all the relevant information.
 * Added a "hide empty rows" button in the filter menu. This will filter out any rows that are currently empty, either by not having anything planned on them or by filtering. Example: Row 1 only contains blue notes, I choose to filter on red notes, all blue notes now dissapear in the board and Row 1 would count as empty.
 * The list of projects in project settings are now in alphabetic order.
 * We removed the possibility to choose addons in settings.
 * ...

🍰 Enhancements
 * Removed the old blue information bar since it is now reduntant because of the new way of displaying this information.
 * It is now possible to move or copy existing notes to create new rows.
 * For construction projects using the "weekly task" behavior it is now possible to place them on a separate weekly column to distinguish between daily work and weekly work packages in the daily resolution.
 * The PPC/TA metrics is now modifiable for the previous week as well as the current week. This enables projects to use these metrics also when meetings evaluate the previous week as opposed to the current week.
 * For construction projects, it is now possible to choose which resolution the grid should start in. For example, previously only 6 weeks displayed in daily resolution was possible. Now you may also select 6 weeks as weeks.
 * The project list on the startpage will now be sorted in alphabetic order when you have multiple projects.
 * ...

🐛 Fixes
 * The purpose of the new My Commitments page was unclear. Some guidance added.
 * Error messages were frequently being displayed for no reason upon page load.
 * When copying a weekly task the manpower-value will also be copied over to the new task.
 * It is now possible to choose the value 1 in a manpower-field.
 * It is now possible to leave the manpower-field empty on a weekly task.
 * When copying job notes to a different row, the new note will now no longer have any connection to the parent note.
 * White text preferences are applied to fields with trade color in the details panel.
 * The row used to create jobs would previously be hidden by the Hide Empty Rows filter feature.
 * To avoid them blocking cells, all toolboxes will now be hidden when notes are dragged.
 * On touch screens, dragging notes sometimes resulted in "ghost notes" getting stuck on the board.
 * Some public holidays were not included in per-country config. Some more are included now.
 * A bug causing "gone fishing" dates to disappear when settings were changed has been fixed. As a consequence, however, these dates can no longer be picked using a datepicker, but must be manually entered.
 * Default grid resolution settings did not work properly for boards not starting on earliest open note.
 * ...

📗 New terminology
 * "vp,warning,rows-not-displayed"
 * "vp,tool,filter-hide-empy-rows"
 * ...
