---
layout: post
title: "Yolean 3.11.22"
date: 2019-01-03
categories: releases
---

🎉 New
 * Yolean is now also available in German.
 * Yolean is now also available in Norwegian.
 * Yolean now supports choosing a project/organization language
   - When set, the project/organization language will be displayed for all notifications, boards and list-views specific to your project or organization
   - The primary language set for the Yolean site will still be displayed for all generic views such as navigation and start page
 * Introducing a new note behavior "weekly task" meant for overall planning on weekly level, designed to fit the production-phase projects in the construction industry
   - This note behavior is the first to support resource planning for number of people estimated for a job
   - This note behavior is only planned on the weekly level and can therefore not be placed on a specific day

🍰 Enhancements
 * Delay dots is always visible in the excel export as a column. An empty cell means no delays.
 * Week numbers have been added to the excel export for the tasks job-start, job and job-end.
 * It should be easy to see that you are uploading a file and when it is done.
 * History entries for note moves show both old and new values. This should make reverting mistakes easier.
 * Note Activity is now being showed on all note types and not only for questions.
 * Note Activity is now showing edits on the summary and labels.
 * New board filter for notes changed today
 * New board filter for notes changed in the last 7 days
 * Excel export includes a column for last modified timestamp, to be used together with new filters as a record of changes for a known time period.
 * Projects not using the trade boards may now hide them through the configuration interface.
 * It is now possible to show up to 5 labels on a note.

🐛 Fixes
 * The excel export wasn't functioning properly from rolling schedule boards with generated rows.
 * It should not be possible to post a comment when files are still being uploaded to the server.
 * In some rare cases, automatic delay dots were duplicated.
 * For users with access to a lot of construction projects on the same site, the navigation side-bar loaded very slowly.
 * Occasionally, when a note had been moved, the activity log would erroneously say that the zone had been changed.
 * Organization/Project administrators can view a list of members for their organization/project, instead of contacting Yolean Support.
 * Add support for receiving a single email containing all your notifications for the past 24 hours.
 * Rolling Schedules for production can be configured in the same project as rollingschedules for design with generated rows, as long as they include separate where level 1s.
   - Trades configured only for production does not generate rows for Rolling Schedules configured for design.
   - Trade boards can only display rows for standard where level 1s.
 * The activity for a note was not showing special characters correctly.
 * Notifications was not showing special characters correctly.
 * To make PPC/TA metrics usable for production boards jobs are now included in the PPC/TA calculations
   - Note that this does not affect projects using the PPC/TA metrics without the job-type notes
